content/home/about.md, before:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20T00:00:00

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Bioinformatics",
    "Human Genetics",
    "Cancer Genomics",
    "Clinical Genomics",
    "Infectious Diseases",
    "Public Health Genetics"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD Bioinformatics"
  institution = "Georgia Institute of Technology"
  year = "2020"

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MSc Bioinformatics"
  institution = "Georgia Institute of Technology"
  year = 2016

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc Microbiology and BSc Biology"
  institution = "University of Iowa"
  year = 2015
 
+++

# Biography

I'm a Bioinformatics Engineer at [Color](https://color.com/) and Scientific Advisor at the [Applied Bioinformatics Laboratory](http://abil.ihrc.com).  At Color, I develop software and pipelines to clinical genetic testing and to support the [AllOfUs program](https://allofus.nih.gov/). At the Applied Bioinformatics Lab (ABiL), I develop bioinformatics methods for public health pathogen surveillance, metagenomics and industry research.

Commit message:

Update work and about blurb

content/home/about.md, after:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20T00:00:00

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Bioinformatics",
    "Human Genetics",
    "Cancer Genomics",
    "Clinical Genomics",
    "Infectious Diseases",
    "Public Health Genetics"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD Bioinformatics"
  institution = "Georgia Institute of Technology"
  year = "2020"

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MSc Bioinformatics"
  institution = "Georgia Institute of Technology"
  year = 2016

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc Microbiology and BSc Biology"
  institution = "University of Iowa"
  year = 2015
 
+++

# Biography

I'm a Bioinformatics Engineer at [Color](https://color.com/) and Scientific Advisor at the [Applied Bioinformatics Laboratory](http://abil.ihrc.com).  At Color, I develop software and pipelines for clinical genetic testing and to support the [AllOfUs program](https://allofus.nih.gov/). 

I'm passionate about using computational methods to develop high impact, low-cost healthcare solutions, at scale; and increasing representation of minority populations in biomedical research.
